Added docs for the FIDO trusted app feature (#4676)
wso2/docs-is: en/includes/guides/authentication/passwordless-login/add-passwordless-login-with-passkey.md

!!! note
    During passkey progressive enrollment, if a user wishes to use a federated authenticator, they should have their external accounts already provisioned within {{product_name}}. If, for example, a user logs in with Google using an account not provisioned in {{product_name}}, passkey enrolment results in an error and the login flow fails.

## Make application a FIDO trusted app

> If you are working with a mobile application that implements passkeys, making it a FIDO trusted app allows the hosting platform (iOS or Android) to validate the authenticity of the application by calling the corresponding validation service. This ensures that the authentication requests originate from a legitimate application, safeguarding against malicious attempts to steal credentials.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When using app-native authentication with a mobile application that implements passkeys, the hosting platform (iOS or Android) performs a validation to ensure the authenticity of the application. For this validation to succeed, the application must be designated as a FIDO trusted app within {{product_name}}. This ensures that the authentication requests originate from a legitimate application, safeguarding against malicious attempts to steal credentials.
```

Reviewer: This section is required only if we are configuring app-native authentication. This configuration is not needed if we are using browser based authentication.

!!! note 

>     If you wish to implement passkeys with [app-native authentication]({{base_path}}/guides/authentication/app-native-authentication/), it is mandatory to validate your application against the relevant platform.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    If you wish to implement passkeys with [app-native authentication]({{base_path}}/guides/authentication/app-native-authentication/), it is mandatory to pass this platform specific validation.
```

{% if product_name == "WSO2 Identity Server" %}

It is required by the validation services of [iOS](https://developer.apple.com/documentation/xcode/supporting-associated-domains){target="_blank"} and [Android](https://developer.android.com/identity/sign-in/credential-manager#add-support-dal){target="blank"} to have details about the application exposed in a public URL. By following this guide, you are publishing details about your app to one of the following endpoints of {{product_name}} based on the platform.

- For Android - `{{base_url}}/.well-known/assetlinks.json`

- For iOS - `{{base_url}}/.well-known/apple-app-site-association`

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

        {{product_name}} hosts these data in the following endpoints.

        - For Android - `{{base_url}}/.well-known/trusted-apps/android`

        - For iOS - `{{base_url}}/.well-known/trusted-apps/ios`
```

Therefore, ensure public requests to `/assetlinks.json` and `/apple-app-site-association` on your domain are mapped to the corresponding local endpoints of {{product_name}}.

> !!! note "Third-party data exposure"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
!!! note 
```

        - Provide key hashes, which are SHA256 fingerprints of the app's signing certificate.
    
    - For an iOS app:

        - Provide the app ID of your application which consists of the team ID and the bundle ID separated by a period (.). (e.g. A1B2C3D4E5.com.domainname.applicationname)

4. Click **Update** to save the changes.

{% elif product_name == "Asgardeo" %}
To learn how to implement this, follow the relevant guide based on whether you use Asgardeo domains or custom domains in your organization 

### For Asgardeo domains

It is required by the validation services of [iOS](https://developer.apple.com/documentation/xcode/supporting-associated-domains){target="_blank"} and [Android](https://developer.android.com/identity/sign-in/credential-manager#add-support-dal){target="_blank"} to have details about the application exposed in a public URL. As an Asgardeo domain user, this guide explains how you may publish details about your app to one of the following endpoints of Asgardeo based on the platform.

- For Android - `{{base_url}}/.well-known/assetlinks.json`

- For iOS - `{{base_url}}/.well-known/apple-app-site-association`

> !!! note

Reviewer: ```suggestion
!!! warning "Third-Party Data Exposure"
```

    If this is not desirable for your use case, you may use [custom domains]({{base_path}}/guides/branding/configure-custom-domains/) for your organization and publish app details to [custom endpoints](#for-custom-domains).

To publish app details to the relevant Asgardeo endpoint,

1. On the {{product_name}} Console, go to **Applications** and select your application.

2. In its **Advanced** tab, under **Trusted App Settings**, select **Add as a FIDO trusted app**.

3. Under **Platform Settings**, enter the following platform-specific details.
    
    - For an Android app:

        - Provide the package name of the application which takes the reverse domain format (e.g. com.example.myapp)

        - Provide key hashes, which are SHA256 fingerprints of the app's signing certificate.
    
    - For an iOS app:

        - Provide the app ID of your application which consists of the team ID and the bundle ID separated by a period (.). (e.g. A1B2C3D4E5.com.domainname.applicationname)

4. Click **Update** to save the changes.

### For custom domains

> It is required by the validation services of [iOS](https://developer.apple.com/documentation/xcode/supporting-associated-domains){target="_blank"} and [Android](https://developer.android.com/identity/sign-in/credential-manager#add-support-dal){target="_blank"} to have details about the application exposed in a public URL. As a custom domain user, you are required to facilitate this by publishing details about your mobile applications to the following endpoints.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is required by the validation services of [iOS](https://developer.apple.com/documentation/xcode/supporting-associated-domains){target="_blank"} and [Android](https://developer.android.com/identity/sign-in/credential-manager#add-support-dal){target="_blank"} to have details about the application exposed in a public URL. As a custom domain user, you are required to facilitate this by hosting the following endpoints at your domain with the required mobile application details.
```

!!! note
    During passkey progressive enrollment, if a user wishes to use a federated authenticator, they should have their external accounts already provisioned within {{product_name}}. If, for example, a user logs in with Google using an account not provisioned in {{product_name}}, passkey enrolment results in an error and the login flow fails.

## Make application a FIDO trusted app

> If you are working with a mobile application that implements passkeys, making it a FIDO trusted app allows {{product_name}} to validate the authenticity of the application by calling the validation services of the respective platform (Android or iOS). This validation ensures that the authentication requests originate from a legitimate application, safeguarding against malicious attempts to steal credentials.

Reviewer: Reword `making it a FIDO trusted app allows {{product_name}} to validate the authenticity of the application by calling the validation services of the respective platform (Android or iOS)` to emphasis that this is a requirement from the platform servers and the validation happens from their side.

To make the application a FIDO trusted app,

1. On the {{product_name}} Console, go to **Applications** and select your application.

2. In its **Advanced** tab, under **Trusted App Settings**, select **Add as a FIDO trusted app**.

3. Under **Platform Settings**, enter the following platform-specific details.
    
    - For an Android app:

        - Provide the package name of the application which takes the reverse domain format (e.g. com.example.myapp)

        - Provide key hashes, which are SHA256 fingerprints of the app's signing certificate.
    
    - For an iOS app:

        - Provide the app ID of your application which consists of the team ID and the bundle ID separated by a period (.). (e.g. A1B2C3D4E5.com.domainname.applicationname)
    
    !!! note

        {% if product_name == "Asgardeo" %}
        Validation services of Android and iOS require the application data under **Platform Settings** to be available in the following public endpoints common to all Asgardeo organizations. 

        - For Android - `{{base_url}}/.well-known/assetlinks.json`

        - For iOS - `{{base_url}}/.well-known/apple-app-site-association`

>         Alternatively, you may publish to a custom endpoint by setting up [custom domains]({{base_path}}/guides/branding/configure-custom-domains/). Make sure the data are in the format expected by the validation services of [Android](https://developer.android.com/training/app-links/verify-android-applinks#web-assoc){target="_blank"} and [iOS](https://developer.apple.com/documentation/xcode/supporting-associated-domains){target="_blank"} and are publicly hosted in the following locations.

Reviewer: Should highlight that custom domain users do not need to use this. Maybe we can have a note at top so that such users can skip the setting-up part.

>         Alternatively, you may publish to a custom endpoint by setting up [custom domains]({{base_path}}/guides/branding/configure-custom-domains/). Make sure the data are in the format expected by the validation services of [Android](https://developer.android.com/training/app-links/verify-android-applinks#web-assoc){target="_blank"} and [iOS](https://developer.apple.com/documentation/xcode/supporting-associated-domains){target="_blank"} and are publicly hosted in the following locations.

Reviewer: Can you replace the reference for Android with `https://developers.google.com/identity/smartlock-passwords/android/associate-apps-and-sites` instead of `https://developer.android.com/training/app-links/verify-android-applinks#web-assoc`

        - For Android - `{custom_domain}/.well-known/assetlinks.json`

        - For iOS - `{custom_domain}/.well-known/apple-app-site-association`

        {% else %}
        Validation services of Android and iOS require the application data under **Platform Settings** to be available in the following publicly accessible endpoints of your organization domain. 

        - For Android - `{organization_domain}/.well-known/assetlinks.json`

        - For iOS - `{organization_domain}/.well-known/apple-app-site-association`

        {{product_name}} hosts these data in the following endpoints.

        - For Android - `{{base_url}}/.well-known/trusted-apps/android`

        - For iOS - `{{base_url}}/.well-known/trusted-apps/ios`

        Therefore, ensure public requests to `/assetlinks.json` and `/apple-app-site-association` on your domain are mapped to the corresponding local endpoints of {{product_name}}.

        {% endif %}

>         Learn more about the validation services of [Android](https://passkeys-auth.com/docs/implementation/flutter/android/){target="_blank"} and [iOS](https://developer.apple.com/documentation/xcode/supporting-associated-domains){target="_blank"}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        Learn more about the validation services of [Android](https://passkeys-auth.com/docs/implementation/flutter/android/){target="_blank"} and [iOS](https://developer.apple.com/documentation/xcode/supporting-associated-domains){target="_blank"}.
```

>     !!! warning "Third-Party Data Exposure"

Reviewer: Let's not use a warning for IS and include it in the note itself.

>         While not a security concern, it is still important to note that other organizations are able to access the data under **Platform Settings** by accessing the corresponding public endpoint.

Reviewer: For Asgardeo, should emphasis that custom domain users won't be impacted by this.

>         {% if product_name == "WSO2 Identity Server" %}

Reviewer: This part can be added separately.

!!! note
    During passkey progressive enrollment, if a user wishes to use a federated authenticator, they should have their external accounts already provisioned within {{product_name}}. If, for example, a user logs in with Google using an account not provisioned in {{product_name}}, passkey enrolment results in an error and the login flow fails.

## Make application a FIDO trusted app

> If you wish to integrate passkeys for a mobile application using [app-native authentication]({{base_path}}/guides/authentication/app-native-authentication/), it is required to make the application a FIDO trusted app. By doing so, you allow the hosting platform (iOS or Android) to validate the authenticity of the application. This ensures that the authentication requests originate from a legitimate application, safeguarding against malicious attempts to steal credentials.

Reviewer: Let's emphasise that this feature needs to be enabled because of the mandatory validation from the platform
